Fixed an issue where the landing on the Starforge could loop forever through the galaxy map. - ebo_m41aa
Fixed a cutscene that would break due to the original games model height differential scripts. - stunt_44

Fixed a loop in the darkside ending cutscene of the game and spawned the player back on the Ebon Hawk.

K2 Template Patched and temporary folder removed from patch. Also created a combined patch for 1.1.2 & 1.1.3

Scripts in sta_m45ac cleaned up and module repacked.

Removed the Rapit Transit Journal Entry when first using the armband or when using it at the hideout without having used it in the field.

Taris Armband removed when entering Daviks Estate.
Bastila joins the party on the Star Forge when leaving the Ebon Hawk during a dark side playthrough

Hammerhead doors in the end game bridge cutscenes are no longer blue.

Entering the Ebon Hawk on Lehon after the game no longer goes to ebo_m41aa if the game has been completed.

WP_from_ebonhawk is now at the entry coordinates for the module so that exiting the Ebon Hawk goes to the correct location.

The Ebon Hawk Armband is now removed from the inventory when first travelling to the Lehon system and added back after completing the game.

The final cutscene with Bastila on Lehon now only plays when the game hasn't been completed.

Manaan now has a lockout message on the galaxy map when the player is exiled from Ahto City.

Companion dialog about planets now happens properly as "K_CURRENT_PLANET" is now set accordingly when arriving at your destination.

K2 Planets disabled until the modules are created.

Ebon Hawk Transit fixed so that after the game it doesn't play the leaving Yavin Movie when first travelling to a planet.

The Star Map Visions now play when travelling to the relevant locations.

Bastila can no longer travel on Korriban.

K_CURENT_PLANET numerical values applied to all worlds.

Commented and tested. ( k_sup_galaxymap.nss/.ncs )

Elora no longer spawns unless Jolee has joined the party.

The triggers for Zaalbar and Party dialog regarding Zaalbar on the Czerka Docking Platform now work again.

The Sith in the fifth room now properly throws the grenade in the battle cutscene.

K2 Planet Folders Moved

The appearance of the thugs with Canderous in the Undercity encounter is now correct. ( tar_m04aa )

Clothes updated for Outcast M 41 and a #10 variant added for the basic clothing.

All outcasts in the undercity now have the correct appearance.

The Jedi on Dantooine is no longer a Trandoshan and has the correct appearance. Still wearing the wrong robes though.

Christya, Niklos and Femduel001 now have the correct appearances.

the Czerka Trade Officer now has the correct appearance but lacks their uniform.

Czerka Staff now have the correct appearance by head but lack their uniforms.

the pilots in the Dreshdae Cantina on Korriban now have the correct appearance.

Three Czerka Variants created using the correct heads, now the orange Twilek on Tatooine and on Kashyyyk has the correct appearance as do the two humans by him on the landing platform.

Yuthura's entry in the appearance.2da file now has her wearing the Sith Uniform.

Sith Student Appearances Corrected

Tariga and the Sith Teacher now have the correct appearances.

the Sith Officer in the Kolto Center now has the correct appearance.

Traveler on Manaan now has the correct appearance and is no longer invisible.

Roland, the Prisoner and a Republic Soldier now have the correct appearances.

Gar no longer has the appearance of Mandalore.

Installed previous patches to the release repository.

The guards in the Lower Shadowlands now have the correct appearance.

The Bounty Hunter guarding the torture room in Davik's estate now has the correct appearance.

Stunt music and sounds should all be correct now, though envaudio might not be.

Bastila can no longer travel on Korriban, again.

the sitting versions of the Bith, Rodian and Swoopgang members now have their proper textures.

Suvam Tan is no longer called Advanced Stabilizer Gloves.

The Protocol Officer in the Czerka Office and the Mining Captain in the Dune Sea now have the correct appearances.

Hendar in the Undercity now has the correct appearance.

Added back in the worlds from the second game and started recreating the script k_ptar_reprun that cannot be decompiled from tar_m04aa and causes the player to get stuck in a cutscene with a republic soldier after saving them.

Noble Youth or tar02_femyouth23.utc now has the correct appearance.

The doors in the Bek Base are now locked.

The party of Jedi that greet you on the Star Forge now have the correct appearances.

The second group of Jedi you come across on the Star Forge now have the correct appearance.

The Jedi "Victims" of Malak in sta_m45ac now have the correct appearances.

Furko now has the correct head texture.

The Trigger in the fight with Chuundar can no longer be retriggered by walking too far away from the center of the fight.

The Czerka Guard at the back right on Kashyyyk in the Chieftains hall now has the correct appearance.

Yuthura no longer joins you for the battle with the Star Forge droids and remains with Bastila. Dark Side.

Files "moved" because folders were renamed.

After beating Bastila and returning her to the light side, the door to the droid battle is no longer locked.

Yuthura now properly joins the ceremony at the end of the game if she has joined you.

Yuthura's position has been refined so that she faces the correct directions during the final cutscene of the game.

Janos now properly goes back to walking to the office if you talk to him while he is walking back.

When exiting to the Star Forge from the Ebon Hawk, companions are no longer completely stuck, but seem to be unable to make their way past the sith encounter until you have made your way to the second door. Possible pathing issues.

Colour crystal items from levels in the first game have been swapped for colour crystal items from the second game due to them not properly functioning.

Lightsaber crystals that were the same in both games have been replaced in all levels with their K2 .uti files.

The Trandoshans that hassle Suvam Tan on Yavin Station now have the correct appearance.

Removed old crystals and altered one of the scripts for Stampy in the Taris sewers.

Stunt_00 cutscene now properly plays when first travelling to the Star Map worlds using the galaxy map.

The turrets in the Sand People Territory are no longer surrounded by a trigger that insta-kills the player.

Enemies in manm27aa have been weakened and missing dialog from manm26aa has been fixed.

kas22_czguard_01.utc in kas_m22ab now has the correct appearance.

Zaalbar no longer gets stuck in place if you talk to him while he is walking back from the stowaway cutscene.

The cell door in the Leviathan Prison Block now requires a key which means that T3-M4 cannot open the cell door without using the console and activating the cutscene.

Canderous dialog about the Ebon Hawk in lev_m40aa now plays.

Enemies on the Leviathan are not so strong anymore.

Malak's laugh now plays during the confrontation on the Leviathan and Malak's theme music now properly plays during the cutscene.

Malak grunt sound used as a voice file during the Leviathan encounter from StreamSounds included with the project in StreamVoice folder and hangar exit script no longer changes the Ebon Hawk background variables.

After exiting the Leviathan and travelling to the next planet, the movie depicting the Ebon Hawk leaving the previous planet no longer plays.

Some enemies on Korriban are not as strong as they used to be. ( korr_m35aa, korr_m36aa, korr_m39aa )

Enemies in unk_m41aa are no longer too strong and various enemies have had their soundsets corrected.

Enemies in unk_m41ab, unk_m41ac and unk_m41ad are no longer overly powerful.

Enemies on all four levels of the Star Forge and the remaining levels of the Unknown World are no longer overly powerful.

All doors in the game have been set to NotBlastable to ensure they have the flag.

Bastila Health Restored due to an issue with her being invincible during the rooftop encounter in unk_m44ac.

After completing the game travelling to a planet no longer plays the leaving planet for the Unknown World Lehon.

Installed current patches to the release repository.